*Vision document*<wiki:toc max_depth="4"/>
=1.0 Introduction=

==1.1 Purpose of the Vision Document==

Scheduling system aim is to make scheduling an easy process.The purpose of this document is to collect and analyze the ideas that have come up for
the future of this product.

==1.2 Product Overview==

Scheduling system is a web application which is used to make an appointment with doctor without visiting hospital. Once the user get registered by filling all the details, user will be able to choose doctor and convenient appointment date.so that patient can consult or meet doctor at his appropriate time so that scheduling is done in an easy way at less time

=2.0 User Description=

==2.1 User/Market Demographics==

The primary user demographics are of different methodology,but the two concepts that e gonna implement are Medicaid and Medicare.

The basic services that we gonna use are:

1.Short-term hospitalization.<br>
2.Emergency room services.<br>
3.General and specialty surgical services.<br>
4.x ray/radiology services.<br>
5.Laboratory services.<br>
6.Blood services<br>

According to the user need of the service,the appointment is scheduled,as every service has there own priority in scheduling appointment.

==2.2 User Profiles==

Users of this application are the patients who wants to consult doctor. They might be of any age Group, Gender and personality .


==2.3 User environment==

The appointment system which is going to develop should be user friendly and flexible.

==2.4 Key User Needs==

These are similar to that of business process requirements and definition where every user should protect their data with innovative user tools

==2.5 Alternatives and Competition==

Alternative of this application is patients have to visit hospital to make appointment with doctor. There is no application in the market which can compete with this system. 

=3.0 Product Overview=

==3.1 Product Perspective==

There is no other application which is used to make appointment with the doctor online and which saves the patients records and reports. Here every visit with doctor is stored in the database.

==3.2 Product position statement==

For the users (patients)  of the system who need to provide the services that is to be provided by the scheduling process at any particular position unlike the main competitor in the outsourcing competition.  It is the customer perspective.

==3.3 Summary of Capabilities==

This application is used to make appointment with doctor through online. There is a flexibility in choosing the particular doctor.

Non emergency appointments: These appointments are for those patients whose cases are not serious.

Emergency appointments: serious injury in accidents, sudden heart strokes, sudden illness and pregnant ladies can have emergency appointments.

==3.4 Cost and pricing==

The cost of the system depends upon the size of the hospital. If the hospital is very big, then large amount of database is needed. So the cost to develop and maintain the system increases.

=4.0 Feature Attributes=

After scheduling an appointment the extraneous Feature attributes that gonna determine about the  health record of a particular patient(PHR) which is the extra feature that is appended which should be maintained in secrecy and the following features are as below,:

1.Each person should control his or her own PHR, Individuals decide which parts of their PHR can be accessed, by whom and for how long.<br>

2.PHRs contain information from one’s entire lifetime.<br>

3.PHRs contain information from healthcare providers.<br>

4.PHRs are accessible from any place at any time.<br>

5.PHRs are private and secure.<br>

6.PHRs are “transparent.” Individuals can see who entered each piece of data, where it was transferred from and who has viewed it.<br>

7.PHRs permit each exchange of information with other health information systems and health professionals.<br>

=5.0 Product Features=

Not only simply making appointment with the doctor online, user can make conversation with the doctor via mail or phone. These details are available while making an appointment with the doctor.

=6.0 Exemplary Use Cases=

=7.0 Other Product Requirements=

==7.1 Applicable Standards==

The online scheduling system portal should have all the design, safety and security standards which major websites have.

==7.2 System Requirements==

System should run on every web browsers such as IE, Mozilla, Chrome, safari, Opera.. 

==7.3 Licensing, Security, and Installation==

No license and installation is required but security to the data is very much important.

==7.4 Performance Requirements==

The data entered while filling the appointment form should be stored in the database and it must be accessed very fast when required.

=8.0 Documentation Requirements=

==8.1 Online Help==

Online help is required while making appointment likes filling forms. Any customer representative must be available to chat with the user.